Added text to READMEs with instructions on how to build & push containers to ECR (#63)
RhinoHealth/user-resources: examples/generalized-compute/README.md

- [split-to-multiple-parts](./split-to-multiple-parts/README.md) - Process an input CSV and split it into an arbitrary number of output CSVs, based on a run-time parameter
- [train-test-split](./train-test-split/README.md) - Process an input CSV and split it into two output CSVs

## How to build and push Generalized Compute Containers

> Prior to running these interactive containers remotely on a Rhino client, the containers will need to be built locally and then uploaded to Amazon Elastic Container Registry (ECR). If you haven't done so already, you should [Configure Your Environment](https://docs.rhinohealth.com/hc/en-us/articles/12385555709085-Configuring-your-Environment) in order to push code to ECR.
> 
> Once you've succesfully configured your environment, we recommending using [Rhino's utilities](../../rhino-utils/) to assist in building container images and pushing them to ECR. 

Reviewer: This isn't just ECR any longer, since folks using the GCP-based Rhino Cloud use GAR (Google Artifact Registry) and not ECR (which is an AWS service).
Also updated the wording + added more links to documentation.
Please take this as an example and adapt to the other places? (Make sure to update the auto-containers link accordingly - there are separate documentation pages for Python Code objects and for NVFlare, and interactive containers aren't currently supported in auto-containers).
```suggestion
Prior to running these containers remotely on a Rhino client, the container images will need to be built locally and then [pushed](https://docs.rhinohealth.com/hc/en-us/articles/12385603287325-Pushing-Containers-to-the-ECR) to your dedicated container registry in Rhino FCP. If you haven't done so already, you should [Configure Your Environment](https://docs.rhinohealth.com/hc/en-us/articles/12385555709085-Configuring-your-Environment) in order to push container images.

Once you've successfully configured your environment, we recommending using [Rhino's docker-push.sh utility](../../rhino-utils/docker-push.sh) to assist in building container images and pushing them to your container registry. 

Alternatively, you can use Rhino's [Auto-container feature](https://docs.rhinohealth.com/hc/en-us/articles/12521473803165-Creating-a-new-Python-Code-Object), which allows you to provide your code and a list of dependencies in the Rhino GUI or SDK, and the Rhino FCP will automatically build a container image for you and push it into your container registry.
```
